The money spent on space research has brought enormous benefits to mankind, but it could be more usefully applied. To what extent do you agree or disagree? Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own  knowledge or eperience.
___
Space explorations and related researches can reawrd mankind massively, though the expenditures on them can be allocated more usefully to some.Personally, I strongly disagree this narrative and I'll give my reasons as well as examples.

Firstly, space can be considered as supplier containing unlimited resources.
For instance, rare radiactive elements, necessary for nuclear fushion electricity generating, and infinite backup living planets of earth, in case that earth is corrupted.
Also, these expenditures allow us to have a peak of kernel functions of the holy universe, enabling us to understand lives better or upgrade ourselves.
All these advantages can bring outcome neyond our imagination, even cannot be quantified.
With these expenditures, we may have a chance to obtain endless clean power, more matirials for living and production, and even alter law of live itself.

As for more usefully applied, it's true and unfortune that when humankind are trying to explore unknown fields, costs are always expensive.
However, it's an inevitable process for almost great progress mankind have made.
Through thousands of death of piliots and prototype makers since hundreds years ago, we then can enjoy stable airlines now;by taking risks of creating a black hole on earth, which will completely consume whole earth, CERN's facilities continued to make contributions to  world.
Besides, space is a place full with high level of entropy, the experiments and researches are conducted, the more data and experiences we can gain.
Hence shorten error try-catch loop length,resulting less total expenditures in longterm aspect.

Space research's expenditures are necessary since these activities can bring resources we need badly right now as well as a cahnce to fundamentally change recognitions toward ourselves.
The cost are high, but can be very profitable in future, that's why I strongly disagree with it could be more usefully applied.
